# Critique

The first thing that struck out to us is the differences in how we communicate between
the views and model. While our design does this through the controller and the view and
model do not ever directly communicate, our provider uses an immutable interface implementation
of the model which is passed in to the views. This was an interesting design choice.
Clearly, both our designs aimed at avoiding any direct mutation of the model due to the view,
just in very different ways.

We weren’t sure about what the function of IViewModel was until we spoke to one of the
providers for further clarification. Upon discovering that it simply acted as a getter,
we were concerned about whether this is a good design choice. Creating a model, and then
another so that it can simply act as a getter, seemed redundant.
However, it was a good way to store all the information in one object instead of multiple
fields/objects, as we did.

A lot of the documentation/java docs were not too helpful - we had to email our provider
for the clarification for some of them. Some of their helpers do not have java doc comments
and if they do they are not informative on the purpose of the code. In particular,
their EditorViewListener has a Map<String, Runnable> with little documentation on what
the key and value represent. The ReadMe wasn’t comprehensive; it simply listed the functions
supported by the EditorView. We had no idea what the design and organisation of the classes and
interfaces was and ended up spending a lot of time trying to figure that out before we could begin
actually working on adapting it. It would have been more helpful if they had provided more
information regarding their design.

In terms of suggestions, we would say that coming up with a simpler organization of the code would
be better - while their editor view GUI looks great, there are definitely simpler ways to do it -
their code seemed a little all over the place, and we were concerned about how to organise it all.
